#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
%% use full paper
\usepackage[margin=0.5cm]{geometry}

%% multicols
\usepackage{multicol}

%% no automated date after title 
\date{}

%% compact spacing
\usepackage[compact]{titlesec}
\usepackage{enumitem}
\setlist{nolistsep}

%% table formatting
\usepackage{graphicx} 

%% colors
\usepackage{xcolor}

\definecolor{MyDarkGreen}{rgb}{0.0,0.4,0.0}

% highlight
\newcommand{\hilight}[1]{\colorbox{yellow}{#1}}
\newcommand{\hilightt}[1]{\colorbox{orange}{#1}}

% titlespace
\usepackage{titling}

% no ugly indent
\setlength\parindent{0pt}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation landscape
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\listings_params "frame=trbl,backgroundcolor={\color{lightgray}},flexiblecolumns=true,basicstyle={\small\ttfamily},breaklines=true,keywordstyle={\color{blue}\bfseries},language=Java,sensitive=true,emph={[1]{critical_section}},emphstyle={[1]\color{red}},emph={[2]{atomic,Condition}},emphstyle={[2]\color{blue}},rulesepcolor={\color{gray}},emph={[3]{acquire(mutex),release(mutex),signal(mutex)}},emphstyle={[3]\color{magenta}},showstringspaces=false,stringstyle={\color{purple}},commentstyle={\usefont{T1}{pcr}{m}{sl}\color{MyDarkGreen}\small},morecomment={[l][\color{Blue}]{...}},tabsize=4,lineskip={-1.5pt}"
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Subsubsection
2017 Anti side channel programming patterns 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

paper
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code
https://www.riscure.com/uploads/2018/11/201708_Riscure_Whitepaper_Side_Channel_Pat
terns.pdf
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection
Plundervolt
\end_layout

\begin_layout LyX-Code
https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=9152636
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

fault injection attack
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 E.g.
 using a power glitch to set a bit
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
published, CVE, intel published a bios patch.
 However, is probably not the last such attack.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Is this relevant for SGX?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Yes, it's a software based CPU attack that manages to change things within
 the processor.
 So memory encryption / authentication will not prevent it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Assuming we can stop at every location we want with SGX-step.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Then do a calculated glitch.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Would be a big problem if they changed use_dp to false!!!
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
The attack solution (according to the paper):
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Do not use trivial constants for sensitive data.
 These constants should use non-trivial values that are unlikely to be set
 through fault injection.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Effect on my MA
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Probably should get rid of use_dp and similar
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Or use values with bigger hamming distance for binary decisions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Paragraph
Questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Does this work for CPU registers?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
However wouldn't we need to look at every branch condition in that way?
 An attacker could stop anywhere and change a loop/branch condition in his
 favor.
 Holy shit?
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
